README.md, before:

# Harper Node Challenge

### Project Setup

This project is setup to run with a single script that seeds the database and starts the server,
using either values set with env variables or default values (default seed is 200, default port is 3000)

```bash

npm run dev

```

Alternately, you can run the following separate commands:

```bash

# Seed database
npm run seed

# Start server
npm run start

# Run tests
npm run test

# Run linting
npm run lint

```

### Stream Data

Below are the route options for streaming the data from: http://localhost:3000 (or your chosen port)

```bash

# Stream all users
GET "/"

# Stream first 100 users
GET "/?limit=100"

# Stream from start key to limit
GET "/?startKey=user:101&limit=50"

```

### Overview

The purpose of this challenge is for you to demonstrate familiarity with Node.js, asynchronous streaming, and scalable server architecture, and to act as a starting point for further conversation with you. We would also like you to read the introduction to building applications with Harper, so we can discuss your solution in the context of the Harper platform.

We are not trying to trick you with this challenge, and we are not expecting that you submit a large and complex solution. Our intention is that you spend only 2-3 hours on this challenge. Please approach this challenge with the above things in mind. During the technical interview please be ready to share your screen, discuss your solution, and impress our team with your ideas!

### The Challenge!

Create a simple NodeJS HTTP server that will listen for HTTP requests, and when a request is received, it will read all the entries from an LMDB store with lmdb-js, and stream them back to the client. You should use the getRange method described here to read the entries. The response should be delivered in JSON format. We also want you to demonstrate how you ensure that the iterator pauses when there is network back-pressure, and terminates and closes the iterator if the connection is closed.

The lmdb-js documentation also explains how you can set up a data store and put some sample data in it (using the put method), for your server.

And again, we would like you to read and familiarize yourself with Harper application documentation here. You will not need to write a Harper application or component, but we will discuss how you might approach that and considerations for ensuring scalability.

Here are some considerations that we will discuss:
● How did you ensure that this was responsive to back-pressure and termination? (With potentially unreliable/slow network connections.)
● What are performance bottlenecks with your server, what kind of performance could be expected from this server?
● Are there optimization opportunities for this?
● How would you extend this server to utilize multiple CPU cores with concurrency (say a 32-core server) to increase scalability?
● How would you filter the data to return a subset of the entries?
● Can you describe some of the basic ways that Harper applications are built and how to ensure scalability for code and components written by other developers?

Commit message:

Add testing, server cluster option, and filtering functionality

README.md, after:

# Harper Node Challenge

### Project Setup

This project is setup to run with a single command that seeds the database and starts the server,
using either values set with env variables or default values (default seed is 200, default port is 3000)

```bash

npm run dev

```

Alternately, you can run the following separate commands:

```bash

# Seed database
npm run seed

# Start a single server
npm run start

# Start a cluster of servers (set CLUSTER_COUNT env variable, default is 2, max is based on cpu cores)
npm run start:cluster

# Run tests
npm run test

# Run linting
npm run lint

```

### Stream Data

Below are the route options for streaming the data from: http://localhost:3000 (or your env configured port)

```bash

# Stream all users
GET "/"

# Stream first 100 users
GET "/?limit=100"

# Stream from start key to limit
GET "/?startKey=user:101&limit=50"

# Filtering by user age (range: 18-80)
GET "/?ageMin=20"
GET "/?ageMax=30"
GET "/?ageMin=25&ageMax=70"

```

### Overview

The purpose of this challenge is for you to demonstrate familiarity with Node.js, asynchronous streaming, and scalable server architecture, and to act as a starting point for further conversation with you. We would also like you to read the introduction to building applications with Harper, so we can discuss your solution in the context of the Harper platform.

We are not trying to trick you with this challenge, and we are not expecting that you submit a large and complex solution. Our intention is that you spend only 2-3 hours on this challenge. Please approach this challenge with the above things in mind. During the technical interview please be ready to share your screen, discuss your solution, and impress our team with your ideas!

### The Challenge!

Create a simple NodeJS HTTP server that will listen for HTTP requests, and when a request is received, it will read all the entries from an LMDB store with lmdb-js, and stream them back to the client. You should use the getRange method described here to read the entries. The response should be delivered in JSON format. We also want you to demonstrate how you ensure that the iterator pauses when there is network back-pressure, and terminates and closes the iterator if the connection is closed.

The lmdb-js documentation also explains how you can set up a data store and put some sample data in it (using the put method), for your server.

And again, we would like you to read and familiarize yourself with Harper application documentation here. You will not need to write a Harper application or component, but we will discuss how you might approach that and considerations for ensuring scalability.

Here are some considerations that we will discuss:
  - How did you ensure that this was responsive to back-pressure and termination? (With potentially unreliable/slow network connections.)  
  - What are performance bottlenecks with your server, what kind of performance could be expected from this server? 
  - Are there optimization opportunities for this?  
  - How would you extend this server to utilize multiple CPU cores with concurrency (say a 32-core server) to increase scalability?  
  - How would you filter the data to return a subset of the entries?  
  - Can you describe some of the basic ways that Harper applications are built and how to ensure scalability for code and components written by other developers?
